Make Stonesense zoom follow the DF window zoom (#156)
DFHack/stonesense: docs/changelog.txt

- `stonesense`: added some missing artwork for bookcases, displays, and offering places
- `stonesense`: reorganized the position of some existing art to be more intuitive
- `stonesense`: added index numbers empty sprite slots to aid in making the xml files for the sprites

> - `stonesense`: zoom levels in stonesense now mirror the main game when following the df window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stonesense`: zoom levels in stonesense now mirror the main game when in follow mode
```
